---
layout: post
title:  "Parking"
# Use 2023-01 for all handbook pages. The day of month will determine
# the display order (highest at the top).
date:   2023-01-29 08:00:00 -0700
categories: handbook
---
[Official Parking Rules](https://str.eunify.net/ShowAttachment.asp?t=parking+rules+final%2Epdf&typ=application/pdf&url=%5CCData%5CSites%5CCommunity29446%5CUpload%5C%7B0000007382016003792079975%7D%5Fparking+rules+final%2Epdf) are in the Documents section of the Management website.

Those rules are summarized below. Note that in the event of any discrepancies, the official rules on the Management website take precedence.

1. There is no on-street parking except that an Owner's guests may park their vehicles on the street; provided, however, that such vehicles are not parked on the streets overnight.
2. Parking off the paved surface of the driveway is prohibited. There is absolutely no other parking in the front, side or back yard of the home.
3. A vehicle shall not be parked in any of the following places:
   - On a sidewalk.
   - In a private driveway if any part of the vehicle or an attachment to the vehicle, including a hitch or trailer, blocks an area of a sidewalk and impedes continuous pedestrian use of the sidewalk.
   - In front of a driveway.
   - Within fifteen feet either direction of a fire hydrant.
4. RVs may be brought into the community only for loading and unloading for up to 48 hours. Please notify the management company, if you plan to bring in an RV.
5. No disabled vehicles may be parked in the driveway, nor are vehicle repairs allowed to take place outside an enclosed garage.
6. Any vehicle with expired tags or that is unregistered must be parked in an enclosed garage.
